c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.deps.json
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.pdb
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\bin\Debug\net8.0\Twilio.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.csproj.Up2Date
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MFATwilio.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\MFATwilio.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\MFATwilio\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MFATwilio.dll
