c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.deps.json
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.pdb
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\Google.Apis.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\Google.Apis.Gmail.v1.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectN.7D338303.Up2Date
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\ProjectName.dll
c:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ProjectName.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Documents\My_Documents__\School Docs\Q12 - Summer Quarter\SEN320 - Enterprise Security Methodologies\AuthEX\dotnet\ProjectName\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\ProjectName.dll
